Add OIE getRequestContext information (#3642)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/index.md

By calling the `OktaUtil.getRequestContext()` method, JavaScript code on your sign-in page can inspect the current request and make decisions based on the target application or other details.

> If you are using Okta Identity Engine, the following object is returned by invoking `OktaUtil.getRequestContext()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Okta Identity Engine, the following object is returned by invoking `OktaUtil.getRequestContext()`:
```

```json
{
  "app": {
    "type": "object",
    "value": {
      "name": "sample_client",
      "label": "Demo App",
      "id": "0oadday782XUlHyp90h3"
    }
  },
  "authentication": {
    "type": "object",
    "value": {
      "request": {
        "max_age": -1,
        "scope": "openid",
        "display": "page",
        "response_type": "code",
        "redirect_uri": "https://example.com/enduser/callback",
        "state": "VqpCUgGCSYkbwuCfnqHLSehAJvI5En1XxtywWxfiGSXQ0bVeSNKMh4gscswtUhPa",
        "code_challenge_method": "S256",
        "nonce": "i2Q3rgA3fPGx3f9yfuglKc0PdzZRB8tODSoJFWMZSccH6Hi4dhIXGl6PNFj0pyUo",
        "code_challenge": "C0bfLXeyH61AWEyznLh-JsZP55uJTJqxGAhXBcH-lO8",
        "response_mode": "query"
      },
      "protocol": {},
      "issuer": {
        "name": "default",
        "uri": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> Okta Classic users will get the following object returned from `OktaUtil.getRequestContext()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta Classic Engine users get the following object returned from `OktaUtil.getRequestContext()`:
```

}
```

> For an OpenID Connect application, the application's client ID is stored in the request context object, and retrievable with the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an OpenID Connect application, the application's client ID is stored in the request context object and is retrievable using the following commands:
```
